████████████████████████████████
♪ WE ARE RIDERS ON A MISSION ♪
♪ ACTION KIDS
IN PLAY POSITION. ♪
♪ WE ARE RIDERS ON A MISSION ♪
♪ ACTION KIDS
IN FUN CONDITION. ♪
PREPARE TO COUNT DOWN.
[Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
and NICKELODEON]
PARTY WAVE!
YAHOO!
HEADS UP, ROCKET BOY.
HEY, WHERE DID EVERYBODY GO?
( grunts )
( kids laughing )
( static crackling )
HOW AWESOME WAS
THAT WIPEOUT, RAYMUNDO?
DIDN'T
THAT HURT?
WHAT?
DIDN'T YOU SEE THAT
SPECTACULAR NOSE RIDE?
Tito:
REMINDS ME OF A HOOD ORNAMENT.
MAN, WHAT A DAY THAT WAS.
SURF'S LOOKING
PRETTY GOOD RIGHT NOW, DAD.
ROCKET BOYS TO THE RESCUE.
AH, I CAN'T.
IT'S KIND OF BUSY HERE.
( squawks )
COME ON, DAD.
ROCKET FAMILY
PARTY WAVE.
( all urging him on )
I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS MAYBE.
TITO, CAN YOU
HANDLE IT?
YEAH!
TITO CAN
HANDLE IT.
YEAH, COME ON,
TITO
YOU CAN DO IT.
YOU DON'T MIND, DO YOU?
ACTUALLY, I NEED A GOOD SURF.
I'VE WORKED
67 DAYS STRAIGHT WITHOUT...
( kids chatting )
Reggie::
BYE, TITO!
Twister:
SEE YOU LATER.
( quietly ):
UH, THANKS, BRO.
YEAH, RIGHT.
Otto:
MAN, THAT WAS THE BEST
WAVE SESSION ALL WEEK.
NO, BRO, I THINK
YOU MEAN ALL YEAR.
AND THAT LAST
RIDE, REGGIE
I THOUGHT YOU
WERE GOING TO BE
TUBED FOREVER.
YEAH, I...
I THINK THIS BURGER
HAS BRUSSELS SPROUTS.
EW.
AND LOOK AT THIS.
MY CORN ON THE COB'S
JUST...
COB.
THERE'S NOTHING WRONG
WITH MY MILKSHAKE.
( slurps )
SAM, THIS MILKSHAKE'S
SOLID SYRUP.
WHATEVER.
YES!
AND THESE FRIES
ARE STILL FROZEN.
( crunches loudly )
MMM.
NOT BAD, THOUGH.
♪ MY ISLAND HOME CALLS ME... ♪
( rings bell )
( Tito singing softly
and sadly )
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH TITO?
♪ I WANT TO BE... ♪
I'VE HEARD OF REVENGE,
BUT THIS HEINOUS.
HE'S BEEN
OUT OF SYNC
FOR DAYS NOW.
Otto:
I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT YOU GUYS
BUT I NEED SOME GRINDAGE
THAT'S ACTUALLY GRINDABLE.
LET'S HIT THE BOARDWALK.
I'M BRINGING THESE FRIES.
THEY'RE GOOD ON A HOT DAY.
UM, I GOT SOME
STUFF TO DO.
YOU GUYS GO AHEAD.
HEY, RAYMUNDO,
I'M TAKING OFF FOR THE DAY.
ALOHA.
WHAT?
I MEAN, SURE,
IF YOU GOT TO
THOUGH, I HAVEN'T
MANNED THE GRILL
FOR A WHILE.
( tersely ):
IT'S EASY--
YOU PUT THINGS
ON IT
THEY GET HOT
THEN YOU
TAKE THEM OFF.
HEY, TITO, HOW'S IT GOING?
AS THE ANCIENT HAWAIIANS SAY,
SOMETIMES THE BIRD SINGS
SOMETIMES IT
COUGHS UP A WORM.
DAD, THIS IS TOO WEIRD.
WE HAVE TO
FIGURE THIS OUT.
WELL, COME ON, MERV.
A LITTLE BEACH FOOD
WON'T HURT YOU.
YES, BUT HERE?
WHO KNOWS WHAT GOES ON
IN THAT KITCHEN?
WANT TO FIND OUT
FOR YOURSELF, MERV?
WHA?!
WE'VE GOT A LITTLE
EMERGENCY HERE, VIOLET.
CAN YOU COVER ME?
EMERGENCY'S MY MIDDLE NAME.
OF COURSE I'LL HELP OUT.
I HOPE IT'S NOT SERIOUS.
I HOPE YOU'RE NOT SERIOUS.
OH, MERV, IT'S GOOD TO
HELP OUT ONCE IN A WHILE.
LET'S PLAY WITH
THE DEEP-FAT FRYER.
MMM.
THE STIMPLETONS CAN
WATCH THE SHACK.
WE'LL WATCH TITO.
( oil bubbling )
Reggie:
HE LOOKS KIND
OF BLECH.
OOH.
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH HIM, DAD?
IT'S LIKE HE
DOESN'T EVEN CARE
HE'S GETTING WHOMPED.
( groans )
MAN, HE'S OUT OF WHACK.
( sadly ):
♪ I WANT TO BE ♪
♪ IN HAWAII... ♪
WHERE'S MY DAD?
HAVE NO FEAR, OTTO.
MERV AND I ARE
MANNING THE FORT.
THIS HOLE SHOULD BE CONDEMNED.
SOMEBODY'S GOT TO
WHIP THIS PIT INTO SHAPE.
HANDS OFF
MY COUNTER, KID.
( Reggie and Ray panting )
WE NEED TO HAVE
AN EMERGENCY MEETING.
THEN TAKE IT OUTSIDE!
THE COUNTER'S FOR
PAYING CUSTOMERS ONLY.
OKAY, HERE'S THE SCOOP:
TITO, OUR
OLDEST FRIEND
AND ALL-AROUND GOOD GUY
IS FEELING LEFT OUT
AND HOMESICK.
REALLY?
I RELATE-- I'M
SICK OF MY HOME.
NO, DORK, HE MISSES HIS FAMILY.
THINK OF IT, YOU GUYS.
HE GREW UP IN HAWAII--
A TROPICAL PARADISE
AND MOST OF HIS FAMILY
IS STILL BACK THERE.
PEOPLE THAT
REALLY CARE
ABOUT HIM.
WE NEED TO
SHOW HIM
THAT WE
REALLY CARE.
HE'S ALWAYS DOING STUFF FOR US
BUT WE NEVER THANK HIM
OR ANYTHING.
I THANKED HIM...
ONCE... I THINK.
I DEFINITELY DID...
UNLESS I DREAMED IT.
LET'S SHOW TITO HE'S AN
IMPORTANT PART OF OUR FAMILY.
YEAH, HE'S
THE GUY WHO COOKS.
HE'S STILL GOING
TO MISS HAWAII.
MAYBE WE COULD
SEND HIM THERE.
WE CAN'T AFFORD THAT.
BUT WE COULD BRING
A LITTLE OF HAWAII
TO OCEAN SHORES
AS A BIG THANK YOU.
HOW?
LEAVE THAT TO ME.
YOU GUYS READY?
LET OPERATION TITO COMMENCE!
All:
WOOGEDY-WOOGEDY-WOOGEDY-WOOGEDY!
TITO, I GOT A PROBLEM
AND YOU'RE THE ONLY
ONE WHO CAN HELP.
WHOA... OW!
YOU MUST NOT FIGHT
THE FORCES OF GRAVITY.
FIND YOUR BALANCE.
WHOA... WHOA!
WHOO-HOO!
ALL RIGHT!
TITO!
I COULDN'T DO IT
WITHOUT YOU, BRO.
AH, THE ANCIENT HAWAIIANS SAY
SOMETIMES IT'S BEST TO TRUST
THE WEIGHT OF EXPERIENCE.
( chuckles )
AND I GOT PLENTY OF EXPERIENCE.
( grunting )
COME ON, KITE.
ANCIENT HAWAIIANS
HAD A SAYING--
FLY THE KITE;
IT MUST NOT FLY YOU.
( kite whistles out of sky )
I'M STARTING TO GET
REALLY MAD OVER HERE.
Man:
GET OUT OF HERE, GUYS.
SHE'S AS TOUGH AS NAILS.
( Tito humming to himself )
Twister:
UH, HEY, TITO?
I THOUGHT YOU
COULD HELP ME
WITH MY LONG DIVISION.
I MEAN, SINCE I APPRECIATE YOU
AND EVERYTHING.
COME ON IN,
LITTLE TWISTER.
IN MATHEMATICS...
YOU CARRY OVER
THE NUMBER
LIKE YOU CARRY
AN INJURED PIG
OVER THE HILL.
SO THINK PIG.
( confused ):
RIGHT.
DID I MENTION I APPRECIATE YOU?
( strumming ukulele )
HEY, TITO.
GOT A SEC?
FOR YOU, I HAVE
A LIFETIME OF SECONDS,
LITTLE REGGIE.
I'VE GOT TO DO A REPORT ON
SPECIAL PLACES IN OCEAN SHORES
AND CAN'T DECIDE
WHICH SPOT TO WRITE ABOUT.
LIKE RIGHT HERE--
YOU CAUGHT HUMUNGO
HERE, RIGHT?
AH, THAT WAS A DAY.
Kids:
ALL RIGHT, COME ON, TITO!
ALL RIGHT, TITO!
YEAH, CHECK IT OUT!
HE'S A MEAN ONE---
BIG, MISTER NASTY FISH,
TERROR OF THE DEEP.
( all laughing )
Tito:
I STILL SAY THAT LITTLE GUY
WAS VERY MUSCULAR.
HEY, THERE ARE A BUNCH
OF OTHER PLACES
I COULD
WRITE ABOUT, TOO.
COME ON.
SO, TELL ME, REGGIE
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF
WHEN YOU SEE THE WATER?
I THINK OF A SPECIAL DAY
AT LEAST IT WAS SPECIAL TO ME.
YES! I'M DOING IT!
I'M ACTUALLY SURFING!
WHOA!
YOU KNOW,
IN EVERY FAMILY
I GUESS THERE'S
A MOM OR DAD
OR A SISTER OR BROTHER
BUT FOR AS LONG
AS I CAN REMEMBER
I'VE HAD SOMETHING EXTRA.
I HAVE A TITO.
AND I HAVE A REGGIE.
HEY, LET'S HIT THE SHACK.
IT'S DINNERTIME.
( wood splintering )
All:
SURPRISE!
( screams )
( laughing ):
WHAT'S THIS?
REGGIE! OTTO!
IS ALL THIS FOR ME?
( tropical drum beating softly )
( playing lively music )
HERBIE, MOLEY AND ALBERT!
HOW DID YOU GET HERE?
THEY CAME
ALL THE WAY
FROM PINEAPPLE
COUNTY, HAWAII
TO PUT ON A SHOW FOR
THEIR NUMERO UNO CUZ.
WE KNEW YOU WERE
HOMESICK
AND WE WANTED
TO DO SOMETHING.
SO WE PUT OUR
HEADS TOGETHER...
AND NOW YOU CAN
GO HAWAII CRAZY.
THIS MEANS SO MUCH.
IN HAWAII, YOU KNOW,
A FAMILY IS CALLED  OHANA.
NEVER AGAIN AM I GOING TO FORGET
I GOT ONE SPLENDID  OHANA
RIGHT HERE IN OCEAN SHORES.
( all cheering )
( playing lively music )
( Tito laughs )
( Tito babbling excitedly )
( boy grunting )
Sam:
COME ON, ARNOLD.
30 SECONDS TO HIGH TIDE.
( grunting furiously )
DUDE, EASY ON THE CAMERA!
HUSTLE, PEOPLE.
NOT BAD, GUYS.
SHORE BREAK!
RED ALERT!
HERE IT COMES!
( all cheering )
Otto:
THAT WAS AWESOME!
CAREFUL, HONEY,
YOU'LL BURN YOURSELF.
I KNOW HOW TO EAT PIZZA, MOTHER.
( sizzling )
OW!
( groaning )
( no voice )
OH, IT LOOKS LIKE
WE'RE PART OF A SHOW.
( both laughing )
CAN IT, CLOWN!
THIS PLAY
STINKS ON ICE!
OH!
( yelling )
SO, YOU  CAN TALK, HUH?
LET'S SEE
IF YOU CAN SCREAM.
MACKENZIE!
HONEY...
( cries out )
( making Tarzan yell )
MACKENZIE!
HONEY!
RED ALERT!
SPONGEHEAD AT 2:00!
OH, NO, HE'S NOT GOING TO...
OH, YEAH, HE'S GOING TO.
INCOMING!
( yelling )
( groans )
WAHOO?
YOU TOOK OUT
THE RETAINING WALL
AND HALF OF
THE REFLECTING POOL.
( chuckling ):
COOL.
OFFICER!
YOU'VE GOT TO HELP US!
OUR DAUGHTER IS LOST!
LOST CHILD?
I'LL PUT AN ALL-POINTS BULLETIN
OUT RIGHT NOW.
WE'LL PROBABLY NEED
ABOUT 20 MORE
CUBIC FEET OF...
SAN...D!
WHERE'S MY MOMMY?
MACKENZIE!
SAY IT, DON'T SPRAY IT,
LAME-O!
( whimpers )
RELAX, SAM, SHE'S
ONLY FIVE YEARS OLD.
TELL THAT TO EDDIE,
PRINCE OF THE NETHERWORLD.
SHE TURNED HIM INTO
EDDIE, KING OF THE BLOODY NOSE.
PROTECT YOURSELF, SQUID.
ECH.
LET  ME HANDLE THIS, GUYS.
HIYA, MACKENZIE.
DO YOU LIKE
OUR BIG SAND CASTLE?
UM...
NO.
SHE HAS A 'TUDE PROBLEM.
D'OH!
EXCUSE ME.
GIVE ME FIVE!
UH... OKAY.
( yelling )
OH...
THAT'S FIVE.
DEFINITELY.
OH, THAT'S
GOT TO HURT!
EXCUSE ME, MA'AM.
HAVE YOU SEEN
THIS CHILD?
SIR? WE'RE LOOKING
FOR OUR DAUGHTER.
WE'VE LOST HER,
SHE'S ABOUT...
I WAS OVER
BY THE BOARDWALK...
LITTLE GIRL, PIGTAILS.
WE BETTER FIND
YOUR PARENTS,
MACKENZIE, OKAY?
I DON'T KNOW WHERE THEY ARE!
ARE YOU LOST?
I'M LOST, AND I WANT MY MOMMY.
( shrieking )
OH, MAN, TAKE IT EASY.
WE'LL FIND THEM,
DON'T WORRY.
( whimpering )
EVERYTHING'S
GOING TO BE FINE.
SURE!
ME AND REG
WILL GO
TO THE LIFEGUARD
AND GET HELP.
TWISTER AND SAM
WILL BE YOUR BUDDIES
TILL WE BRING BACK
YOUR PARENTS, OKAY?
NO WAY!
BETTER BE NICE,
TWIST
IF YOU DON'T WANT
ANOTHER WHOMPING.
LET'S GO.
( both groan )
BE NICE, OR I'M GOING
TO START CRYING AGAIN.
SO AM I.
YOU ARE  SO WEAK.
OW!
OH, MAN, HERE COMES
THE GOON SQUAD.
WE GOT TO SPLIT.
COME ON, MACKENZIE.
WE'VE GOT A COOL THING
TO SHOW YOU.
LIEUTENANT RYAN,
WE NEED HELP.
WELL, IF IT ISN'T
THE TWO AS-OF-YET-UNCERTIFIED
JUNIOR LIFEGUARDS.
STATE PROBLEM, NUMBER
OF VICTIMS, IN THAT ORDER.
WE FOUND A LITTLE GIRL.
SHE'S RIGHT
OVER THERE WITH...
DO YOU KNOW THE STORY
ABOUT THE LITTLE BOY  AND GIRL
WHO CRIED WOLF?
NO.
WELL, IT'S... REALLY VERY SAD.
NOW, I CAN'T BE BOTHERED
WITH THIS FOOLISHNESS
WHEN A REAL EMERGENCY
COULD HAPPEN.
( gasps )
( wailing )
EMERGENCY STATUS, CODE ONE!
OW!
( child continues crying )
I'M HOT.
AND I WANT
MY MOMMY AND DADDY!
OKAY, OKAY,
WE'LL FIND THEM.
LOOK, JUST KEEP
WALKING A LITTLE BIT
AND WE'LL GET
YOU A TREAT.
I WANT A FREEZE-FREEZE AND
A SODA AND A PIZZA AND A SODA.
YOU SAID SODA.
I WANT ANOTHER!
Lars:
LOOK...
MAURICE HAS
A WITTLE GIRLFRIEND.
LARS, CHILL OUT.
MACKENZIE'S LOST.
SHE IS,
IS SHE?
( teases ):
OH, I'M SORRY.
HEY, MACKENZIE,
GIVE ME FIVE?
( laughs )
( shrieks )
( grunts )
( fist smacks again )
( groans )
Twister:
COME ON, MACKENZIE.
( panting )
THANKS, LOSER.
( moans )
WE'VE GOT
TO FIND THEM
BEFORE MACKENZIE EATS
THOSE GUYS ALIVE.
I WISH I HAD A HELICOPTER
OR SOMETHING
TO SPOT THEM FROM ABOVE.
HEY, THAT MIGHT BE HIGH ENOUGH.
( panting )
ANY BINOCULARS?
NO, BUT LOOK AT THIS.
I DON'T KNOW IF IT...
( bullhorn squeaks ) WORKS.
( bullhorn squealing )
OH, I THINK IT DOES.
HEY, BIG GUY.
HEY, SHIRLEY GIRL.
UM, WHAT CAN I HELP
YOU WITH, OFFICER.
THESE ARE
LITTLE MACKENZIE'S PARENTS.
SHE'S LOST,
AND WE'RE TRYING TO FIND HER.
I'LL KEEP AN EYE OUT.
MY KIDS ARE
AROUND HERE SOMEWHERE.
IF THEY TURN UP,
I'LL HAVE THEM HELP OUT, TOO.
Man ( over radio ):
Shirley Company.
This is Ryan at Tire 12.
How do you copy? Over.
ROGER THAT.
THIS IS SHIRLEY. OVER.
A couple kids wearing goggles
say they found a little girl
but did not have girl with them.
Repeat: they did not have
the girl with them.
GOGGLES? SOUNDS LIKE
MY KIDS ARE WAY AHEAD
OF US, SHIRL.
ROGER THAT. RYAN, OVER.
Do you know the st...
( beeps off )
AFTER WHAT MACKENZIE DID
TO LARS, SHE'S MY HERO.
( laughs )
HE COULDN'T
EVEN BREATHE.
MacKenzie:
AND YOU'RE NEXT.
FIND MY MOMMY NOW
OR I'M GOING TO CRY AND SCREAM
AND CRY AND SCREAM...
WE'VE GOT TO FIND
REGGIE AND OTTO
BEFORE MACKENZIE
GOES BALLISTIC.
( chuckles )
YOU MEAN, SHE
HASN'T YET?
( shrieking )
I AM TOGA MAN.
CAN I SING
YOU KIDS A SONG?
( cries ):
I WANT MY MOMMY AND DADDY.
I DON'T KNOW THAT ONE.
MACKENZIE'S LOST,
TOGA DUDE.
♪ I'LL SING YOU SONG ♪
♪ OF A CUTE LITTLE GIRL ♪
♪ THE SWEETEST GIRL ♪
♪ IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD. ♪
MY TOGA!
PLEASE!
( toga cracks )
( screams ):
MOMMY!
WHERE ARE YOU?
OH, WHERE WERE YOU GUYS?
WE'VE BEEN
LOOKING ALL
OVER FOR YOU.
MACKENZIE'S
OUT OF CONTROL!
SHE PUNCHED
OUT LARS
AND DE-TOGA-ED
TOGA MAN.
SHE PUNCHED OUT LARS?
COOL!
I'M SICK OF YOU FREAKS.
WHICH PART OF "I WANT MY MOMMY"
DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND?
I WANT MY MOMMY AND DADDY
RIGHT NOW!
YOU'VE GOT
TO STOP HER!
YOU STOP HER.
I'VE HAD ENOUGH!
WHAT ELSE
CAN WE DO?
WE'VE DONE
EVERYTHING.
DUH-- DAD.
WE'VE GOT
TO FIND RAYMUNDO.
Reggie:
HELLO! WHY DIDN'T WE DO THAT
IN THE FIRST PLACE?
Sam:
IT'S HARD TO THINK WHEN YOU'RE
AFRAID OF GETTING WHOMPED.
( screaming )
HUH?
RYAN, OFFICER SHIRLEY--
WE HAVE A BOGIE AT 2:00.
( screaming )
ROGER THAT. I HAVE VISUAL
CONFIRMATION ON BOTH OF YOU.
RUNNING INTERCEPT COURSE.
( screaming continues )
OH, OH! BABY!
OH!
MY BABY!
OH, WE WERE SO
WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU GUYS LOST ME LIKE THAT.
THE CROWD GOT
SO BIG
AND YOU WERE
JUST GONE, HONEY.
I'M SORRY!
NO, YOU WERE GONE.
CAN I HAVE A FREEZIE FREEZE?
SURE. SURE, HONEY.
OH, WE'RE SO RELIEVED
THAT YOU'RE SAFE.
NOW, I THINK YOU OUGHT
TO THANK THESE GREAT KIDS
FOR TAKING SUCH
GOOD CARE OF YOU.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, YOU GUYS.
OOH!
GIVE ME FIVE.
AH-HAH, YOU THOUGHT YOU HAD ME.
( shrieks )
( yelps )
( screams )
( all laugh )
[Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
and NICKELODEON
Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]
Toga Man:
♪ I'LL SING YOU A SONG... ♪